Previously on Yellowjackets...
Sorry. Didn't mean to interrupt.
- Run.
- Don't hurt them!
Just bring them back.
Shauna. don't leave me!
Get it out!
- If she dies. you die.
- Shauna!
Take us with you.
In the fall of '97.
two researchers and a guide
disappeared without a trace.
That tape that Mom got sent?
I think it's a part of
that research project.
And Mom and Tai and Van.
they all knew
exactly what it was.
Hi. I'm Hannah.
Hannah had a daughter.
who somehow got hold of
a tape of what we did
and is out to punish us.
What are you planning
to do to this woman?
I'm gonna sit her down
and have a gentle. reasonable
conversation with her.
Gen and Melissa got
pretty close to Hannah.
Yeah. they're both dead.
Oh. my God!
Don't worry. This
isn't the end for us.
You're not gonna die.
No. I don't want to talk to
you. Please. I-I need her.
But I'm the one
who can save you.
We all know you killed Lottie.
I can't fucking believe you.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
You already scanned that one.
It's easier this way.
Tricks of the
trade. huh. Shipman?
What are you doing here?
Wow.
You really did not pan out. huh?
So much potential. so
little to show for it.
Hey. Shipman. come on.
You're not gonna make employee
of the month like this.
Stop calling me Shipman.
I fucking hate it.
- Since when?
- Since always.
Why didn't you say something?
Is this really what my
life is gonna look like?
How am I supposed
to know? I'm dead.
You killed me.
They're drawn to the light.
Should've known better.
don't you think?
Hey. hey. hey. slow
down on the stairs!
Okay. what are we
having for lunch today?
What did Mama make for us?
No more apples.
Ugh. let's hope no
more apples. Worm food.
- You're gonna be late!
- We know!
And I don't want to hear
anything about the apples!
Don't look at me.
I love apples.
She's lying. She said
they were worm food.
Betrayal.
Come on. you better get
a move on. little worm.
or you're gonna be late.
We're going. we're going.
Go get your jacket.
- Bye.
- Mwah.
Oh. by the way. I.
um. took your car
to go get groceries
yesterday. and you need gas.
Oh. you couldn't fill it
up like a real wife would?
I was in a rush.
and I had to pee.
Oh.
Bye. love.
- Love you. Mama.
- I love you more.
- Go. go. go.
- Love you. Kelly.
Bye. I love you. honey. Bye.
- Bye-bye.
- Bye.
Whoever the fuck you are.
you better get out
here right now.
You have no idea whose
house you just walked into.
Actually...
...I'm pretty sure
I do. Melissa.
Or. sorry. it's Kelly now?
Shauna? What are you doing here?
What are you doing alive?
♪ "No Return" by Craig
Wedren and Anna Waronker ♪
♪ It was cool. nothing fire ♪
♪ Nothing broke ♪
♪ Keep simple ♪
♪ Nothing tired. nothing old ♪
♪ Same as you ♪
♪ Oh. so cute. so revival ♪
♪ So alone ♪
♪ Birthday suit. just a smile ♪
♪ No one home ♪
♪ Same as you ♪
♪ vocalizing ♪
♪ No return. no return ♪
♪ No reason ♪
Put the knife down.
Yeah. sure. That sounds
like a great idea for me.
Um. I'm not asking.
Shauna. I'm not gonna talk to
you with a knife in your hand
and no knife in mine.
We're not in high
school anymore.
Let's act like sane adults
and both put the knives down?
Sane?
Like marrying the daughter
of a woman we killed?
And changing your name to Kelly?
A lot's happened in
the last 25 years.
No shit.
We can both keep our knives.
Hi. Shauna.
I'm just calling to
say fuck you. actually.
And I swear to God.
you will regret it
if you do not turn that
car around right now
and come back here
right this minute.
Thank you.
I'm so sorry. I know
this is hard to hear.
but there isn't any more
we can do for her here.
I don't understand.
Are you saying...
you don't have the means to
help her at this hospital?
Should I transfer her
to another hospital
that's actually competent. or...
I'm saying it's time to
think about palliative care.
Hospice.
- Oh. my God.
- No. that's...
Hospice is for...
Making people as comfortable
as possible while they're...
No.
- Tai.
- No!
I want to see her.
She's under sedation right now
while we try and keep her
stable and run a few more tests.
Let me get you some
paperwork for her release.
Just to look over.
You have some time.
Oh. God.
Tai.
I'm sorry. I...
It's okay.
It's gonna be okay.
Is there anything I can do?
You can help me find the
palliative care unit.
I-I thought you said you didn't
want her transferred there.
We don't.
Come on.
Guys?
Guys?!
Okay. Okay.
It's a pretty rough hike
to the pickup point.
You sure you guys are prepared?
Don't worry about that.
What about the others?
There's no time.
We should be doing
this together.
This doesn't feel right.
What doesn't feel right
about getting our
ass to civilization
- and sending back rescue? Hmm?
- That we aren't all here.
That we all know Ben
was supposed to be
- our way home. not this...
- Okay. Akilah.
You had a fucked-up dream
because you were
huffing cave fumes.
The same way that I
tripped balls on mushrooms
and Lottie told me what
I was seeing. That's it.
You're not a prophet.
I didn't pick you as a fucking
"seer" because I had a vision.
I made it up.
This is all made
up. It's not real.
And I think. deep
down. you know that.
But what is real is
that he can get us home.
So let's go.
- What day is it?
- Can you get us out?
- Where are we?
- Get help?
Did Mulder and
Scully get together?
Everyone. shut up!
Let her answer.
Why are you here?
We're a...
...we're a research team.
studying a species
of frogs out here.
Maybe you've heard
their mating call...
What are people saying
about us back home?
Who are you?
We w... are a soccer team. um.
from Wiskayok. New Jersey.
Our plane crashed. and...
Oh. my God.
I remember that.
It was. it was all
over the news...
Is anyone still
searching for us?
I-I-I don't know.
- They searched for months. but...
- What?
Wh-What are you talking about?
You have to be kidding me.
I'm sorry.
Fuck. We've been out
here a long time.
Wait. so you're saying
that people just... gave up?
Our friends? Our families?
I-I really don't know.
You can get us home. right?
If you got here. then
you can get us back.
I-I don't even know
where I am right now.
Fuck.
You don't seem to
know a lot of things.
Are you. like. the captain?
Of the team?
If I say "yes." will you
start fucking remembering?
- She's not the captain...
- Neither are you.
Yeah. 'cause she's fucking dead!
Guys! Stop.
S... So. y-you all
built this yourselves?
Yeah. Who else do you
think would have done it?
You obviously all left
us out here to die.
It's impressive.
Can you get us out of here?
Not by myself.
The other guy we were
with. he was our...
- Guys! I found them!
- What?
I know where they are.
Akilah and Travis and.
um. and-and the other one.
His name is Kodi.
He was our guide.
Come on. let's go.
- Watch her.
- Come on. let's go!
You stay here.
- Gen. I'm fine.
- I'm going.
- Watch her. too.
- It doesn't hurt.
I can go. I'm going.
Thank you.
Maybe we should go
back to the room.
No. No. you're right.
Um...
Staying cooped up in that
hotel room for that long
just wasn't good for
our mental health.
Are we sure that any of
this is. like. actually...
Oh. shit.
Shit.
What?
It's the Joels.
Technically. only one of
them's named Joel. but...
They were the work dinner your
mom torched the other night.
Call him over.
Hey. Hey. Yeah. Come on.
Mm. Fuck.
Why don't they come over here?
Because. apparently. Callie.
some people just wave
other people over.
and some people are the ones
that come over when they're...
waved.
- Hey.
Well. look at. uh...
Fancy seeing you guys in
a place like this. huh?
Yeah. Hey. man. What
are you doing here?
Oh. you know. just...
You know. little
staycation. With the fam.
- Staycation? Right. right.
- Staycation.
Yeah. that's nice. man.
That's my daughter.
Oh. you were serious? Shit.
Sorry. man.
It's all right. it's all right.
Look. while I'm
here. I'd really love
to take another swing at this...
What? No. Seriously?
I-I know our dinner
didn't go great.
- But that doesn't mean I...
- Sorry.
Jeff. man. we're...
We're going in a
different direction.
- Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
- I'm not sure that...
Oh. There he is.
Not FurnitureFam.net.
You can't go with
FurnitureFam.net.
That's a worse direction.
That's not a
different direction...
Really nice to see you. Jeff.
It was great
talking to you. man.
- Yeah.
- Hey...
- There he is.
Sit down.
Hello? Misty?
Have you heard from Shauna?
No. I assumed she was with you.
Yeah. well. your assumption
should be correct.
but it's not. seeing as she
just ditched us at the hospital.
You're at a hospital. Why
are you at a hospital?
It doesn't matter.
So. you haven't heard from her?
No. I... Why?
Just tell me what's
happening. Misty.
Where was Shauna
the day Lottie died?
- What?
- Where was Shauna...
- Why are you asking me that?
- Why aren't you answering?
Uh. we were...
Didn't we... We were
with you. Misty.
We were with you and
the Bingo ladies.
Right?
She was there the entire day?
What's going on?
I. too. would love to know.
What's Shauna done now?
I got to go.
Uh. if she calls you.
tell her to get her ass
- back here. stat.
- Misty...
Misty? Don't you...
Misty! Misty?
I'll call her back.
What's wrong?
Oh. noth...
Nothing. Everything's good.
All good.
So good.
You know. you could've just rang
the doorbell like a sane person.
Oh. right. I'm sorry. I
forgot... sanity's off the table.
I didn't exactly know
that you lived here.
Or that you were alive.
How are you alive. by the way?
We all went to your funeral.
It turns out. if you
leave a suicide note.
even without a body. the
cops will take the easy win.
But why?
Cone on. Shauna.
Are you still in love with me?
Oh. my God.
No.
Are you... Is that...
I'm not still in love with you.
I mean. honestly. I never was.
You want to know why I did it?
Because I had no other choice.
After we made it back. I
was no longer one of you.
And you scared the absolute
fucking shit out of me.
Don't even think about it.
All right. Shauna.
Why are you here?
I want to know why
you're fucking with me.
How did you even get it?
Hannah told me where to find it.
She begged me to give
it to her daughter
if I ever made it back
home. but I. um...
- You didn't.
- No.
I couldn't. But you know that.
If anyone heard
what was on it...
And what good would that have
done for her to-to know that?
To have to live with that?
So. you married her instead.
I love her.
She doesn't even know
your real fucking name.
I'm serious.
This is real.
This isn't some
sympathy marriage.
or fucked-up version
of survivor's guilt.
I...
Or shit. I don't
know. maybe it is.
But I. I couldn't
give her the tape.
Although. I wanted to
make sure she was okay.
and for years.
that's all it was.
Until one day we actually met.
And I swear. I tried
not to let it happen.
but you don't know her.
She's...
relentless and funny
and kind. and...
We love each other.
I know it doesn't
matter to you. Shauna.
but I have a good life.
I have a decent job.
I have a great kid.
I go to church.
I go to fucking church
with a wife and a
kid that love me.
You're right.
None of that matters to me.
Sit.
Okay. Akilah?
Hang on. Okay?
I swear. there's like a
rock in here. or something.
Come on. We've
got to get moving.
Okay.
Stop walking.
Akilah?
Oh. fuck.
You're coming back to camp.
Now.
You know there's
more of us out here
than just me. Hannah and Edwin.
No. There isn't.
We saw your camp.
You only have three
sleeping bags.
Let's go.
You heard her.
Where were you guys going?
To get rescued.
You were just gonna
leave us here?
No. We just thought... well.
I-I just thought that. um...
That it would be easier
as a small group.
Faster.
Then why'd you leave a
trail behind for us to find?
In case he turned on us.
Yeah. Then you would
know where to find us
and the rescue point either way.
Can you get us out of here?
- I can.
- Well. how long
will it take to get to the
rescue point from here?
Six days if you can keep up.
Okay.
Everyone. pack what
you can for six days.
We'll need designated
water carriers.
We'll need whatever
food we can gather...
Maybe you didn't hear
it the first time.
but you're not in
charge anymore.
It's fucking rescue.
What do we do with them?
We need them for...
Yeah. I-I know. but I'm
talking about afterwards.
I mean. what if they
tell people what...
what they saw?
Hey.
I didn't see shit.
We'll say whatever
you want us to say.
Yeah. Well. we can't really
guarantee that. can we?
I swear to God.
That means nothing out here.
Okay. we have time
to decide about this.
How to talk about
it when we're back.
what to do about them. but...
Right now you should
bury your friend.
Um. hello? That involves
untying their hands.
And that's why you'll
be supervising them.
You guys...
we can finally go home.
We can finally go
home. Let's pack.
- No.
- Let's...
We can't go back.
Jesus Christ. Lottie.
why the fuck not?
Because we don't
belong there anymore.
What?
Oh. really. Lottie?
Why the fuck should
we listen to you?
Come on. We got a
lot of shit to do.
Let's fucking go.
Come on.
Here's the thing I
don't understand.
If you're so worried
about me ruining
your perfect little life.
why send me the fucking tape?
Because it was
haunting me. okay?
I hadn't thought about
the tape in years.
I had it. uh. locked in
a safety-deposit box.
It was my leverage in case
any of you figured out
what I did and came
looking for me.
Why would we come
looking for you?
Why would Lottie start a cult?
Why would you all join it
and start making sacrifices
again to appease some...
I don't... whatever the fuck?
Okay. first of all. I
did not join the cult.
And also.
it's more of an intentional
community. but it...
None of that matters right now.
That's...
- That's not what happened.
- Shauna.
Natalie died there.
And some fucking cop.
I mean. I... I stopped sleeping.
One day I'm fine.
and the next I'm having
these horrible nightmares.
And then they start
happening during the day.
Like the world's most
fucked-up daydreams.
I had to do something.
Barbara says that...
Sorry. Who the fuck is Barbara?
My therapist.
Oh. you call her "Barbara"?
That's her name. What
else am I gonna call her?
I don't know. Dr. Whatever.
She's not a doctor.
She's technically not
even a licensed therapist.
She's more of an advisor.
She's extremely intuitive.
Mm. Barbaras always are.
So. Barbara said that
I was holding on to something.
That if I wanted to be
free of what happened...
of that darkness...
that I had to...
let it go. truly.
And that's when I
realized... the tape.
So. the day of Nat's funeral.
I left it at your house
so that you could.
uh. try and do the same.
Bullshit.
How can it be
anything but a threat?
Shauna. this was
all in the note.
What note?
The note that I
left with the tape.
- There... You're lying.
- No. I'm...
You've been messing
with me for-for weeks.
Trying to make me feel crazy.
trying to kill me.
Shauna. I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Leaving the phone
in the bathroom
so that it would play
"Queen of Hearts."
Locking me in a freezer.
Cutting my brakes.
Clearly something's going
on with you. but I...
I should have given
you more credit.
It-It's genius. actually.
We can make all the pacts
and vows of silence
that we want.
but if you really
think about it.
the only way to truly be safe.
to be 100% fucking certain
that nobody is ever gonna
spill your darkest secrets.
is to be the only one left.
That's why you killed
Lottie. isn't it?
That's why you pushed
her down those stairs.
It's why you came after me.
Lottie's dead. too?
Tai. Tai.
What are you doing?
Does he. uh... have
a lot of time left?
- Why?
- Just tell me.
Uh... Well. he. um.
he has end-stage
heart failure. so...
The man is dying.
He's dying anyway.
"He's dying anyway"?
I can't lose Van.
Oh. wait. hold on. Hold on. hey.
You don't have to
be here for this.
Why are you doing this?
Tai.
Fuck!
What? I didn't... It wasn't...
- I didn't... Do you think...
- Okay.
Does that count?
We have to get out of here.
I'm not leaving without Van.
Yeah. I know. I know.
I know. Let's go.
♪ "Alright" by Supergrass ♪
♪ We are young. we run green ♪
♪ Keep our teeth
nice and clean ♪
♪ See our friends.
see the sights ♪
♪ Feel all right ♪
♪ We wake up. we go out ♪
♪ Smoke a fag. put it out ♪
♪ See our friends.
see the sights ♪
♪ Feel all right ♪
♪ Are we like you? ♪
♪ I can't be sure ♪
♪ Of the scene as she turns ♪
♪ We are strange
in our worlds... ♪
♪ But we are young. we get by ♪
- Oh. my God.
- ♪ Can't go mad ♪
♪ Ain't got time ♪
♪ Sleep around ♪
♪ If we like. but
we're all right ♪
Van? Can I talk to
you for a second?
What if we can't be
together when we get back?
Why wouldn't we?
We've been out here a long time.
but it hasn't been
that long back there.
Okay. what do you mean?
I mean. what if...
Do you really think the
world has changed that much?
- I'm optimistic.
- Why?
Because...
Me.
I need you to be serious.
I am being serious.
Aren't you worried
about what we're gonna
have to tell people?
All of the lies
we will have to memorize and be
on the exact same page about?
Everything we've done out here?
What happened to
Jackie and Javi and...
No matter what. we can't
trust the scientists.
Oh. shit. We're gonna
have to kill them. Van.
- Tai.
- And even then.
someone could slip
up when we get home.
and then everyone would
know what we did and...
I don't know what would happen.
but it wouldn't be good for us.
Our futures would be fucked.
This will follow us for
the rest of our lives.
This place will follow us
for the rest of
our fucking lives.
Why is no one
thinking about this?
Because getting
rescued and going home
outweighs all of that.
Okay? Just go get a bag
and let's put some shit in it.
You're being weird. Melissa.
Why?
I'm actually being
completely fucking normal.
given the situation.
- Rescue?
- No.
I'm fucking thrilled
to be rescued.
Can't wait to get away from you.
- What's your problem now?
- You!
My fucking arm is in a sling
because that fucking guy
shot an arrow through me.
and when you got back to
camp and saw me bleeding out.
you didn't even care.
You didn't even
ask if I was okay.
You just ran off.
I knew that Gen would get
the bleeding under control.
and I knew you
weren't gonna die.
And I also knew that
I'm the fastest on the team.
I wanted to be the person
who got the guy who shot you.
- You're lying.
- Believe what you want.
But just know that I'm still
not ruling out killing him
for shooting you. so...
Stop being a bitch.
Here.
Do you know what the first
thing you're gonna do is
when we get back?
What?
Like. the dream thing to do.
What you're most excited for?
Oh.
'Cause I'm excited
for everything.
I want to do everything.
Everything I thought
I wouldn't get to do
because we're out here.
Like. college and then
graduating college and
then working a normal job.
I don't even care
how boring it is.
You know. I can't wait
to work a nine-to-five.
A-And then I want to
get a gym membership
and not even use it. and then...
Shauna? Hello?
Shauna.
What?
Are you gonna take this
back home with you?
I'm not fucking stupid.
No. You're not.
And I'm not insane.
I'm not insane.
I'm not saying you are.
but... I didn't kill Lottie.
I didn't do any of
those things you said.
I don't believe you.
My life is normal. It's boring.
And that's exactly
how I want it.
Shauna. you really can
put the past behind you.
This... isn't normal.
It's a fucking lie.
And the only reason that you
can even pretend it's normal
is because you aren't you.
I hate to break
it to you. but...
you don't have a normal life.
You don't get to
have a normal life.
Fuck.
Is that your daughter?
You say I'm living a lie.
Does she know what you did?
What you're capable of?
Actually. she does.
And she still loves you?
Yes.
She does.
Who's lying now?
Hey.
Would just love to
know you aren't dead.
And also...
I think you're breaking Dad.
Just call us back. please?
Misty. Misty. you
got to talk to me.
I can help you.
What's wrong with Shauna?
Please call me back. Please!
Freaky little
four-eyed mushroom.
Hello?
I can't. I can't.
I can't. I-I can't.
Dad! I need you to
pull it together.
You're right. I'm sorry.
You need one of your parents
to hold it together right now.
What do you mean "one"?
Nothing.
I didn't mean anything by that.
Dad. I'm gonna say
something crazy.
but I-I think that you're
thinking it. too. I...
I don't think
anyone's after Mom.
I don't either. Wait.
Why do you say that?
Why do you?
Oh. I don't know. A
lot of stuff. I guess.
Like. the brakes on the van.
she just jumped to
somebody cutting them.
And the phone and the
freezer stuff and...
God. It just doesn't add up.
What about you?
I...
I-I-I can't... explain it.
It's just. like... a feeling.
Look. I don't know
what Mom or...
any of them did to
survive. but I...
I think that it messed them up.
Like. really messed them up.
and way more than we thought.
And whatever happened
to Lottie. it...
it doesn't have
anything to do with us.
Yeah.
♪ "Wonderwall" by Oasis ♪
Okay. um...
Go get your stuff together.
We're getting out of
here. We're going home.
- Okay.
- All right.
♪ Today is gonna be the day ♪
♪ That they're gonna
throw it back to you ♪
♪ By now you should've
somehow realized ♪
♪ What you got to do ♪
♪ I don't believe that anybody ♪
♪ Feels the way I do
about you now... ♪
I'm doing fries into a milkshake
into a quarter pounder
and then washing it
all down with a Sprite.
No. you got to end
with the fries.
You start with the
Big Mac and a Coke...
♪ That saves me ♪
♪ And after all ♪
♪ You're my wonderwall ♪
Oh. No.
What's happening?
What's wrong?
Is this real?
Is what real?
The animals... are they
moving? Are they okay?
Yes.
Why?
Did you s...
see something?
Goodbye. Coach.
I'm sorry you didn't
make it to this moment.
I wish you did.
We are going home.
Got it?
We are leaving whatever
you are behind.
Please. I need to see her.
I need to be with her.
Let me in.
I can't.
I'm the only one
that can help her.
You won't do what
needs to be done.
- You never did believe.
- Please.
I believe. Please!
Please. let me in.
- Ready?
- Hell yeah. I am.
Oh. let's go.
All right.
Everybody. listen up.
We're trusting you to
get us there safely.
And I think you know
that we will kill you
if you try any stupid shit.
Yeah. it's very clear.
We won't try anything.
We want to go home. too.
Good.
Let's fucking do this!
Let's fucking go! Let's go!
I'm staying.
What?
Yeah. cute joke. Lott.
- Not joking.
- What?
- Are you fucking crazy?
- She actually
- might be crazy.
- Why?
Lottie. Look...
Lottie.
I know it's a lot.
It's fucking scary. going back.
I think we all kind of gave
up on it happening. but...
this is very real.
This is rescue.
I mean. this is home.
That's not home. Nat.
What home do you
have to go back to?
I can't go back.
If I go back...
...nothing will be...
...well.
I won't...
I won't be well.
I won't be me.
The me that was made out here.
And that unwellness
that I feel...
I feel it so deeply in my bones.
We're safer here.
Fine.
You know what? You stay. then.
Everyone else. let's go.
I'm staying. too.
Oh. for fuck's sake.
Shauna! Come on.
You feel It. too?
I'm not staying
because of you or It.
Why the fuck would
you stay at all?
I don't know.
Something just...
something just
doesn't feel right.
No. Tai. no.
No. No. Tai. pick it up.
Pick it up. No way.
You're not staying.
You're coming with us.
Whatever the fuck Shauna and
Lottie have been feeling...
...I've been feeling. too.
since those two arrived.
Who cares?
God. since when has that
ever mattered to you?
Please. please. Tai. look at me.
You are not staying here.
- I have to.
- Why?
I'm telling you...
something doesn't feel right.
Has everyone gone
fucking insane?!
Okay. what doesn't feel right
- is staying and ignoring rescue.
- Yeah.
Okay.
Fuck it.
Stay. then.
You've all lost
your fucking minds.
The rest of us are going.
No.
You're not.
- Have a great day.
- Thanks.
Uh...
Checking out.
Room 2106 and 2107.
Great.
All right. Well. unless you
just raided the minibar.
you should be all set.
Oh. I'm just kidding.
Yeah. we wish we had minibars.
Oh.
That's good.
Yeah. I guess checking out isn't
even a thing anymore. is it?
It's all electronic now.
All in the cloud.
I guess. yeah.
I still... I-I like the
face-to-face. I do. I like it.
I like that we still have
gas station attendants
here in New Jersey. Thank
you. It's... You know.
- I could pump my own gas.
- Dad?
But there's something
about... Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Uh. have a good day.
Have a great day.
Jordan.
Have a great day. sir.
Oh.
One second.
Uh. Joels! Hey!
Oh. God.
My wife ruined our dinner.
I didn't.
My business didn't.
My talent didn't.
- Jeff. buddy. come on. man...
- No. no. no.
Hey. Listen.
Now. my wife hasn't been...
clinically diagnosed as
being a fucking crazy person.
but for all intents and
purposes of this discussion
we're having here
right now. she is.
- Y...
- Yeah.
She is. And she's the reason
you didn't like that dinner
and thus didn't like me.
She's the fucking
reason most people
don't fucking like
anything. She's miserable.
But I'm not her.
I'm not her.
I'm the reason most
people like anything.
I'm affable.
Don't give up on me. guys.
Haven't you ever fallen in
love with an unhinged woman?
Or has every woman you ever
been with been fucking boring?
Anyway. Cal.
I am the best man for this job.
Just wanted you to know that.
Let's go home.
Were your brakes cut. Shauna.
or is your car just old?
Did someone lock
you in a freezer
or do walk-in freezers
just have doors
that don't stay open
unless you prop them open?
- No. That's...
- Someone left
a cell phone in a bathroom
with a popular song
as a ringtone... wow.
Fuck you.
Did someone murder Lottie
or did she just
struggle from a lifetime
of mental health issues?
This is what you do. Shauna.
You create your own problems.
You stir the pot
just to feel alive.
I mean. even before the
plane crash. weren't you
fucking your best friend's
boyfriend behind her back?
You stew and you seethe
and you make it
everyone else's problem
because you hate to be alone.
You hate yourself.
And you want
everyone else to feel
just as miserable as you are.
Relax.
I just need some water.
- Do you want some?
- No.
So...
did you come here to kill me?
Or...
I don't... Sorry.
I just honestly
don't know what your plan was
when you broke in here. Um...
You know what I think?
I think you came here because
you want your life to explode.
It's fun for you.
It lights you up.
You want to burn it all
down just so you can watch.
Fuck!
Eat it.
What the fuck?
You really are insane.
Eat it.
Or I'll fucking tell your family
exactly who you really are.
♪ "Dig Me Out" by
Sleater-Kinney ♪
♪ Dig me out. dig me in ♪
♪ Out of this mess.
baby. out of my head ♪
♪ What do you want.
what do you know? ♪
♪ One to get started.
three till we go ♪
♪ Dig me out. dig me in ♪
♪ Out of this mess.
baby. out of my head ♪
♪ Dig me out. dig me in ♪
♪ Out of my body.
out of my skin ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org